[Autogenerated] Hi,
This is Craig Golightly and welcome to using Federation and A W s single
sign on We're going to cover Federation And how AWS Single Sign on can
help you manage Federated users across the A.
W s accounts in your AWS organization will go over how to create a
new or integrate and existing identity source,
as well as some of the single sign on features you can leverage when using.
Federation finally will cover how Amazon Security Token Service or STS,
enables federation and touch on Amazon cognito and how that services
apps you Federated external users As you separate your applications
and workloads across multiple AWS accounts,
you can manage user access with Federation Federation is
the creation of a trust relationship between an external
identity provider and A W s.
A Federated user is different from an I am user and I am
username exists in an individual AWS account.
A Federated user exists in the external identity provider directory and
will first authenticate with the identity provider.
Once authenticated,
A W s will use rolls to allow a user limited access to an
individual AWS account in your organization AWS single sign on
lets you connect with Active Directory either AWS managed or
external or the AWS SSO directory service.
This is the default identity source.
So if you aren't using Active Directory,
you can create users and groups in A W S S s.
So you'll then assign users and groups access to individual A
W s accounts in your A W s organization.
The mechanics of this are very similar to what you saw when we
talked about creating roles in individual accounts,
then managing which users have permission to assume those roles.
The big difference is that AWS single sign on gives you a central
location to manage all users and their permitted access to control
Federated User Access to your AWS account.
You'll define permission sets.
A permission set is simply a collection of I am policies outlining
what resource is and actions are authorized.
You can attach AWS managed policies and your own
custom policies to a permission set.
AWS also has pre defined job function policies.
These group common policies of different AWS services.
Based on what resource is different,
users may need to do their job once you have users groups and permission
sets to find you can then assigned users and groups to different AWS
accounts in your organization and define the permission sets that error
allowed for each user or group in that account.
AWS then creates roles in that account to match the policies in
the permission sets and users can do then assume a role that
corresponds to a permission set.
When they access that AWS account users will not
access these AWS accounts directly.
They'll first authenticate with the identity provider,
then be shown a dashboard of accounts they have access to.
When they select an account,
they'll be shown the roles available for that account.
Then they'll select a role to assume and be given access to the account.
If they need to do something else that is not allowed by their current role, they'll need to go back to the dashboard and select a different role to assume